feat(contrib): finalize internal/external contribution setup+docs (#394)
arcus-azure/arcus.testing: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Arcus Testing
> 🎉 First off, **thank you** for taking the time to contribute! </br>
> We're really glad you're reading this.

> This guide helps with newcomers to contribute effectively to Arcus Testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide helps newcomers to contribute effectively to Arcus Testing.
```

* **🐞 I found a bug!** </br>

> Great Scott! Please [report the problem](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.testing/issues/new/choose) so we can have a look, or if you're up to it: you can always fix it yourself and [submit a PR]().

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2f0bf602-0d2f-4854-97d7-443d8cf4e089)

* **❔ I have a question or an idea** </br>
[GitHub discussions](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.testing/discussions/new/choose) is the place to host discussions, questions or ideas related to anything available in the codebase. Ideas can always be transformed in workable [GitHub issues](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.testing/issues) once the team decides to place this on the roadmap.

* **👷‍♀️ I want to work** </br>
Have a look at our [good first issues](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.testing/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A%22good%20first%20issue%22) to get you started on something easy. Please comment on the issue, so we can assign you to it.

## Submitting a PR
When you submit a new pull request, please make sure that:
* 📦 it **packages everything** related to the feature/bug
* 🧪 it **proofs using tests** the feature/bugfix (both unit & integration tests are available to run locally)
* 🌐 it **updates the documentation**, if necessary (changes should happen in the `/docs/preview/` folder)

## FAQ
<details>
<summary>How to run the integration tests locally?</summary>

> The integration tests make use of real Azure resources, which means that the the test suite need to be aware of what resources you want to use locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration tests make use of real Azure resources, which means that the test suite needs to be aware of which resources you want to use locally.
```

> > 👉 If you're a [Codit](http://codit.eu/) employee, we can also provide you with a ready-to-use `appsettings.local.json` that allows for you to run the tests locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 👉 If you're a [Codit](http://codit.eu/) employee, we can also provide you with a ready-to-use `appsettings.local.json` that allows you to run the tests locally.
```

1. Make sure you have an **active Azure subscription**.

2. Set up a **valid managed identity connection**: </br>

>    The tests uses [`DefaultAzureCredential`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential) to authenticate themselves, which means that you can use your logged-in VisualStudio/AzureCLI user to run the tests locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The tests use [`DefaultAzureCredential`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential) to authenticate themselves, which means that you can use your logged-in VisualStudio/AzureCLI user to run the tests locally.
```

3. Add the necessary **Azure resources** for your test: </br>

>    There exists a [`/build/templates/test-resources.bicep`](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.testing/blob/main/build/templates/test-resources.bicep) file that let's you deploy all the necessary Azure resources that are required to run *all* the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The file [`/build/templates/test-resources.bicep`](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.testing/blob/main/build/templates/test-resources.bicep) allows you deploy all the necessary Azure resources that are required to run *all* the tests.
```

>     * 💡 Usually, you don't need to run *all* the tests locally. Arcus Testing is very flexible and modular. If you're working on something, like **Azure Blob Storage**-related, than you only need an **Azure Storage Account**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 💡 Usually, you don't need to run *all* the tests locally. Arcus Testing is very flexible and modular. If you're working on something, like **Azure Blob Storage**-related, then you only need an **Azure Storage Account**.
```

    
    * ⚠️ Make sure that you have enough rights on your Azure resources to do CRUD operations (ex. the **Azure Blob Storage** tests require [`Storage Blob Data Contributor`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles/storage#storage-blob-data-contributor)-rights.)

> 4. Add an `appsettings.local.json` file to your integration test project - this file gets ignored by Git: </br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add an `appsettings.local.json` file to your integration test project - this file is ignored in Git by default: </br>
```

>    The local file needs to have the names of your **Azure resources**. If you deployed an **Azure Storage Account**, then you the file will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The local file needs to have the names of your **Azure resources**. If you deployed an **Azure Storage Account**, the file will look like this:
```
